Are we really alone in this universe?

The universe is expanding each second. Billions of galaxies(potentially trillions),Trillions of planets. Yet many think life exists only on the Earth. Which is scarier: Earth being the only planet with life, or life existing on other planets that we don’t even know exist? If life exists on other planets, are they, or what we call "aliens", as advanced as we are? Or are they even more advanced? How do they look? Do they know about our existence? How beautiful do their planet look? Is it as amazing and beautiful as our Earth? Do they call their planet “home” like we do? Will we ever get an answer to these questions?

Look at how amazing our universe is!! ©NASA: Astronomers using Chandra’s X-Ray Observatory spotted a galaxy with two streams of superheated gas crossing . a risky move in any universe. Instead of destroying all life as we know it, the crossed streams might lead to a new structure. https://science.nasa.gov/universe/
I’ve watched a podcast of Mr. S. Somanath, the current chairman of ISRO. He thinks that aliens might exist among us, here on Earth, pretending to be humans. They might already know about our existence. Isn’t that scary? The universe is amazing. From galaxies, stars, and black holes to planets and moons, the universe is filled with unimaginable things. There’s always something new to discover! It always amazes me how there’s always more to explore in the universe. Let it be the first black hole photo we saw back in 2019, let it be the supernovas, or let it be Proxima Centauri b. All these discoveries make me think more and more. Science is the greatest thing the mankind has “discovered”. From the discovery of fire and Newton’s laws of motion to quantum computing, AI, and machine learning, science has always done good things for mankind. I truly believe that life exists on many other planets; we are not alone. If I ever get the chance to live a very long life, I’d want to live long enough to find answers to all the questions in my mind.